Improve the docs about ProxyChecks (#666)
software-mansion/starknet.py: docs/guide.rst

 - ArgentProxyCheck - resolves `Argent Proxy <https://github.com/argentlabs/argent-contracts-starknet/blob/b7c4af7462a461386d29551400b985832ba942de/contracts/upgrade/Proxy.cairo>`_.
 - OpenZeppelinProxyCheck - resolves `OpenZeppelin Proxy <https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/cairo-contracts/blob/d12abf335f5c778fd19d6f99e91c099b40865deb/src/openzeppelin/upgrades/presets/Proxy.cairo>`_.

It's possible to define own ProxyCheck implementation and later pass it to :meth:`Contract.from_address <starknet_py.contract.Contract.from_address>`, so it knows how to resolve the Proxy.

The **ProxyCheck** base class implements the following interface:

.. codesnippet:: ../starknet_py/proxy/proxy_check.py
    :language: python
    :start-after: docs-proxy-check: start
    :end-before: docs-proxy-check: end

It has two methods:
 - `implementation_address` - returns the `address` of the proxied contract (implement this if your Proxy contract uses the `address` of another contract as `implementation`)
 - `implementation_hash` - returns the `class_hash` of the proxied contract (implement this if your Proxy contract uses the `class_hash` of another contract as `implementation`)

> Here is the code in practice:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is the complete example:
```

-----------------

Resolving proxies is a powerful feature of Starknet.py. If your contract is a proxy to some implementation, you can use
high-level :meth:`Contract.from_address <starknet_py.contract.Contract.from_address>` method to get a contract instance.

:meth:`Contract.from_address <starknet_py.contract.Contract.from_address>` works with contracts which are not proxies, so it is the most universal method of getting
a contract not knowing the abi.

.. note::
    If you know the abi of the contract, **always prefer** creating Contract directly from constructor.

    :meth:`Contract.from_address <starknet_py.contract.Contract.from_address>` must perform some calls to get an abi of the contract.

ProxyChecks
###########

Since the Proxy contracts on StarkNet can have different implementations (especially, since everyone can write their own), there is no single way of checking if some contract is a Proxy contract.

There are two main ways of proxying a contract on StarkNet:
 - forward the calls using ``library_call`` and ``class_hash`` of proxied contract
 - forward the calls using ``delegate_call`` and ``address`` of proxied contract

> :meth:`Contract.from_address <starknet_py.contract.Contract.from_address>` uses ``ProxyChecks`` to fetch the ``implementation`` (address or class hash) of the proxied contract.

Reviewer: It should either be lower case `proxy_checks` or `ProxyCheck`.

> **ProxyChecks** check whether the contract is a Proxy contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**ProxyCheck** check whether the contract is a Proxy contract.
```

> They do that by trying to get the ``address`` or ``class_hash`` of the implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It does that by trying to get the ``address`` or ``class_hash`` of the implementation.
```

By default, ``proxy_config`` uses a configuration with two **ProxyChecks**:
 - ArgentProxyCheck - resolves `Argent Proxy <https://github.com/argentlabs/argent-contracts-starknet/blob/b7c4af7462a461386d29551400b985832ba942de/contracts/upgrade/Proxy.cairo>`_.
 - OpenZeppelinProxyCheck - resolves `OpenZeppelin Proxy <https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/cairo-contracts/blob/d12abf335f5c778fd19d6f99e91c099b40865deb/src/openzeppelin/upgrades/presets/Proxy.cairo>`_.

> It's possible to define own ProxyCheck subclass and later pass it to :meth:`Contract.from_address <starknet_py.contract.Contract.from_address>`, so it knows how to resolve the Proxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's possible to define own ProxyCheck implementation and later pass it to :meth:`Contract.from_address <starknet_py.contract.Contract.from_address>`, so it knows how to resolve the Proxy.
```

:meth:`Contract.from_address` works with contracts which are not proxies, so it is the most universal method of getting
a contract not knowing the abi.

ProxyChecks
###########

Since the Proxy contracts on StarkNet can have different implementations (especially, since everyone can write their own), there is no single way of checking if some contract is a Proxy contract.

Also, there are two ways of proxying a contract on StarkNet:
 - make `implementation` in a Proxy contract store a `class hash` of the proxied contract

>  - make `implementation` in a Proxy contract store an `address` of the proxied contract

Reviewer: I think this is not 100% correct. Afaik all that is required is to have a `__default__` entrypoint that does some forwarding logic. Where exactly is the implementation stored is not defined I think.

`ProxyChecks` check whether the contract is a Proxy contract.
They do that by trying to get the `address` or `class_hash` of the implementation.

> `Contract.from_address` uses these `ProxyChecks` to fetch the `implementation` (address or class hash) of the proxied contract.

Reviewer: Let's swap the order of these sections.

It's possible to define own ProxyCheck subclass and later pass it to `Contract.from_address`, so it knows how to resolve the Proxy.

The ProxyCheck base class implements the following interface:

.. code-block:: python

        class ProxyCheck(ABC):
            @abstractmethod
            async def implementation_address(
                self, address: Address, client: Client
            ) -> Optional[int]:
                """
                :return: Implementation address of contract being proxied by proxy contract at `address`
                    given as a parameter or None if implementation does not exist.
                """

            @abstractmethod
            async def implementation_hash(
                self, address: Address, client: Client
            ) -> Optional[int]:
                """
                :return: Implementation class hash of contract being proxied by proxy contract at `address`
                    given as a parameter or None if implementation does not exist.

>                 """

Author: Hmm, maybe I could just put it into a comment in `starknet_py/tests/e2e/docs/guide/test_resolving_proxies.py` and use `.. codesnippet`. But the syntax coloring might not work then. I will see.

>                 """

Author: Another way is to wrap the acutal ProxyCheck class into `# docs: start`, `# docs: end` and just use the file.

>                 """

Reviewer 2: I like the second idea. @cptartur what do you think?

It has two methods:
 - `implementation_address` - returns the `address` of the proxied contract (implement this if your Proxy contract uses the `address` of another contract as `implementation`)

>  - `implementation_hash` - returns the `class_hash` of the proxied contract (implement this if your Proxy contract uses the `class_hash` of another contract as `implementation`)

Reviewer: Maybe let's make it a subsection below the code snippet. And have separate snippets for using built in proxy resolvers and other for custom ones.

Reviewer: Maybe let's also add a `.. note` on that if using custom proxy config, Argent and OZ checks will not be used unless explicitly provided (I think that was the case, correct me if I'm wrong).

Here is the code in practice:

.. codesnippet:: ../starknet_py/tests/e2e/docs/guide/test_resolving_proxies.py
    :language: python
    :dedent: 4

.. note::

    :meth:`Contract.from_address()` must perform some calls to get an abi of the contract.

>     If you know the abi statically, just use the :ref:`Contract` constructor.

Reviewer: Maybe let's have this on top of the section. And perhaps reword it to something along the lines `If you know the abi of the contract, always prefer creating Contract directly from constructor`, maybe adding the info about performing some calls.
